Stupid as the saying goes, nothing is turned upside down
What's the matter, can't you see my medical skills?
I just don't like it.
Who asked you to come?
Boss Zhao invited me here.
You still look down on it
Brother Zhang Peng is better than you no matter what.
Last time he was just a blind cat touching a dead mouse
Bloodletting therapy is a traditional Chinese medicine metropolis
Every time my wife is very sick.
You have the waist to let him get started
Missed the best opportunity
Don't regret it.
You shut up
Dads
I invited Double Eleven to come home.
Show him some respect
Grandpa's illness and Dad's lack of feet
I'm ready, both of you, remember what I said
You hear me?
I'm invited by Boss Zhang.